today the battle we all participate to
the accent we take the fret of the prior sedan
hatchback as you can see no difference well, let's start
on us frets priors as you see this
modern domestic car
sorry that such different angles plus y
I'm always the owner of the car drive off
I didn't take anything from her but you
the master got stuck in there under a little
tell about the advantages and disadvantages
priors about the very first major flaw
this is a big enough gap
which can push the optical finger
not even one but several
about the shortcomings can talk forever
so let's go to
a few dignity of course
the most important advantage is
engine power of this car is like
I would be the focus here was not standing next to type
of course she will break well anyway
almost any accent would be me
jupiter only draws complete of course
only now we go to the test
the hosts of real men were sent to
rude form take me a walk therefore
will have to use
photos I think it's okay to
speed does not affect
well, so we see us dynamic
combination of combined super devices
modern ones like cassette deck
for example whether the built-in clock
do not work normally and so let's say
semi modern instrument panel
as we see from priory skype least
very different therefore as if in this
sbu discrimination then housing lights all
so so if you
hesitated that he buy fret priora
leaps and I in your place would take
fret grant